feat: update core-data microservice page to V2 (#522)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/microservices/core/data/Ch-CoreData.md

[gateway](../../../general/Definitions.md#gateway)) until the data gets moved "north" and then exported to
Enterprise and cloud systems.  Core data persists the data in a local database.  [Redis](https://redis.io/) is used by default, but a database abstraction layer allows for other databases to be used.

Other services and systems, both within EdgeX Foundry and outside of EdgeX Foundry, access the sensor data through the core data service. Core data could also provide a degree of security and protection of the data collected while the data is at the edge.

!!! edgey "EdgeX 2.0"
    As of EdgeX 2.0 (Ireland), core data is completely optional.  Device services can send data via message bus directly to application services.  If local persistence is not needed, the service can be removed.
    
    If persistence is needed, sensor data can be sent via message bus to core data (the new default means to communicate with core data) or can be sent via REST to core data (the legacy way to send data to core data).  See below for more details.

Sensor data can be sent to core data via two different means:

> 1. Services (like devices services) and other systems can put sensor data on a message bus topic and core data can be configured to subscribed to that topic.  This is the default means of getting data to core data.  Any service (like an application service or rules engine service) or 3rd system could also subscribe to the same topic.  If the sensor data does not need to persisted locally, core data does not have to subscribe to the message bus topic - making core data completely optional.  By default, the message bus is implemented using Redis Streams.  MQTT can be used as an alternate message bus implementation.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Services (like devices services) and other systems can put sensor data on a message bus topic and core data can be configured to subscribed to that topic.  This is the default means of getting data to core data.  Any service (like an application service or rules engine service) or 3rd system could also subscribe to the same topic.  If the sensor data does not need to persisted locally, core data does not have to subscribe to the message bus topic - making core data completely optional.  By default, the message bus is implemented using Redis Pub/Sub.  MQTT can be used as an alternate message bus implementation.  
```

    ![image](EdgeX_CoreDataSubscriber.png)

2. Services and systems can call on the core data REST API to send data to core data and have the data put in local storage.  Prior to EdgeX 2.0, this was the default and only means to send data to core data.  Today, it is an alternate means to send data to core data.  When data is sent via REST to core data, core data re-publishes the data on to message bus so that other services can subscribe to it. 

    ![image](EdgeX_CoreDataRESTEndpoint.png)

> Core data moves data to the application service (and [edge analytcs](../../../general/Definitions.md#edge-analytics)) via Redis Streams by default. MQTT or ZeroMQ can alternately be used.  Use of MQTT requires the installation of a broker such as ActiveMQ.  A messaging infrastructure abstraction is in place that allows for other message bus (e.g., AMQP) implementations to be created and used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Core data moves data to the application service (and [edge analytcs](../../../general/Definitions.md#edge-analytics)) via Redis Pub/Sub by default. MQTT or ZeroMQ can alternately be used.  Use of MQTT requires the installation of a broker such as ActiveMQ.  A messaging infrastructure abstraction is in place that allows for other message bus (e.g., AMQP) implementations to be created and used.
```

=== "ValueDescriptor"
    |Property|Description|
    |---|---|
    ||Provide the context, unit of measure and more information about any sensed data value| 
    |ID|Uniquely identifies a value descriptor, for example a UUID|
	|Created|A timestamp indicating when the value descriptor was created in the database|
	|Modified|A timestamp indicating when the value descriptor was last modified.|
	|Origin|A timestamp indicating when the original value descriptor was created.  Most of the time, this indicates when the device service requested the value descriptor be created|
    |Descrption|Describes what the value descriptor is used for (example: defines a thermostat temperature value)|
    |Name|Name of the value descriptor and used as the name key in the reading|
    |Min|Minimum allowed value|
    |Max|Maximum allowed value|
    |DefaultValue||
    |Type|Value data type|
    |UomLabel|Unit of measure label|
    |Formatting|Printf convention for display of the value|
    |Labels|array of associated means to label or tag a value (examples: BACNet, temp, thermostat)|
    |FloatEncoding|Floating point encoding format for float values|

>     |MediaType|Indicating the type of binary data when collected|

Reviewer: Do we need an `edgey` note to highlight the removal of `ValueDescriptors`?
